Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#146)
ImperialCollegeLondon/pyrealm: CONTRIBUTING.md

`pyrealm`, so is not included in binary distributions (`wheel`), such as those available
from PyPi.

### Fetching the datasets using Git LFS

> The datasets in `pyreal_build_data` are stored via Git LFS. After cloning the repository,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The datasets in `pyrealm_build_data` are stored via [Git LFS](https://git-lfs.com/). After cloning the repository,
```
